add extending vignette (#282)
mlr-org/mlr3extralearners: vignettes/extending.Rmd

Note that setting a parameter value in the `$initialize()` method does not change the parameter's default value (as the default denotes what happens when no value is set).

Parameters expect the default values to be of their respective type, e.g. the default of `ParamInt` must be an integer.
Some packages have R expressions as default values which cannot be properly expressed in `paradox`.
In such cases, a practical compromise is to not specify any default value when calling `p_int()`.

**Initial Values**

In some cases you want to change the parameter values during initialization.
You can do this by changing the `param_set$values` during the learner's construction.
You can see we have done this for `regr.rpart_simple` where the default for `xval` is changed to `0`.
Note however that we still annotate the default of the `xval` parameter as 10.
It is recommended to only change the defaults for good reasons and document this properly when doing so.

**Custom Checks**

In `paradox` only integers, numerics, factors, and logicals have dedicated parameter types.
For all other parameters, the `ParamUty` class has to be used, which is constructable via the `p_uty()` function.

> It has the argument `custom_check`, which allows to specify custom constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has the argument `custom_check`, which allows specifying custom constraints.
```

Then, the dataset is extracted from the `Task`.
Because the learner has the property `"weights"`, we insert the weights of the task if there are any.
Then we obtain the formula from the task using `task$formula()` and access the training data using `task$data()`.
Last, we call the upstream function `rpart::rpart()` with the data and pass all hyperparameters via argument `.args` using the `mlr3misc::invoke()` function.
The latter is simply an optimized version of `do.call()` that we use within the `mlr3` ecosystem.
The return value of this method will be available as the `$model` slot of the trained learner.

```{r}
.train = function(task) {
  pv = self$param_set$get_values(tags = "train")
  if ("weights" %in% task$properties) {
    pv$weights = task$weights$weight
  }
  formula = task$formula()
  data = task$data()
  invoke(
    rpart::rpart,
    formula = formula,
    data = data,
    .args = pv
  )
}
```

At this point, an explanation for the difference between the public method `$train()` and the private method `$.train()` is in order.
The former essentially calls the latter and additionally performs some checks and tasks that are the same for every learner.

> The same holds for the predict method.

Reviewer: You could remove those three lines. Does not matter for the reader.

  result = run_paramtest(learner, list(rpart::rpart, rpart::rpart.control), exclude, tag = "train")
  expect_true(result, info = result$error)

  exclude = c(
    "object", # handled internally
    "newdata", # handled internally
    "type", # handled internally
    "na.action", # handled internally
    "model" # not implemented
  )
  result = run_paramtest(learner, rpart:::predict.rpart, exclude, tag = "predict")
  expect_true(result, info = result$error)
})
```

## Contributing to mlr3extralearners

When adding a `Learner` to `mlr3extralearners` there are some additional requirements that have to be satisfied:

* Adding the line `.extralrns_dict$add("<learner-id>", function() <LearnerName>$new())` to the bottom of the learner file to add the learner to the learners `Dictionary`.
* Add the learner dependencies to *Suggests* (and not e.g. to *Imports*) in the DESCRIPTION file.
* The learner must be properly documented. When using `mlr3extralearners::create_learner()` this is automatically generated. Otherwise you can use and adapt the documentation of an already implemented learner.
* Conforming to the `mlr3` [style guide](https://github.com/mlr-org/mlr3/wiki/Style-Guide).

> * The tests must be pass in the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The tests must pass in the CI.
```
